Backend style guide: Add more guidelines (#29871)
grafana/grafana: contribute/style-guides/backend.md

In the `sqlstore` package we do database operations in tests and while some might say that's not suited for unit tests. We think they are fast enough and provide a lot of value.

### Assertions

Use respectively [`assert.*`](https://github.com/stretchr/testify#assert-package) functions to make assertions that 
should _not_ halt the test ("soft checks") and [`require.*`](https://github.com/stretchr/testify#require-package) 
functions to make assertions that _should_ halt the test ("hard checks"). Typically you want to use the latter type of
check to assert that errors have or have not happened, since continuing the test after such an assertion fails is
chaotic (the system under test will be in an undefined state) and you'll often have segfaults in practice.

### Sub-tests

Use [`t.Run`](https://golang.org/pkg/testing/#T.Run) to group sub-test cases, since it allows common setup and teardown
code, plus lets you run each test case in isolation when debugging. Don't use `t.Run` to e.g. group assertions.

### Cleanup

> Use `t.Cleanup` to clean up resources in tests. It's a less fragile choice than `defer`, since it's independent of which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [`t.Cleanup`](https://golang.org/pkg/testing/#T.Cleanup) to clean up resources in tests. It's a less fragile choice than `defer`, since it's independent of which
```

> function you call it in. It will always execute after the test is over.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function you call it in. It will always execute after the test is over in reverse call order (last `t.Cleanup` first, same as `defer`).
```

## Globals

As a general rule of thumb, avoid using global variables, since they make the code difficult to maintain and reason
about, and to write tests for. The Grafana codebase currently does use a lot of global variables, especially when
it comes to configuration, but that is a problem we're trying to solve.

## Pointers

In general, use value types and only reach for pointers when there's a real need. The reason being that pointers
increase the risk of bugs, since a pointer can be nil and dereferencing a nil pointer leads to a panic (AKA segfault).
Valid reasons to use a pointer include (but not necessarily limited to):

* You might need to pass a modifiable argument to a function

> * Copying an object might incur a performance hit (although you have to keep in mind that copying is often faster than
>   allocating heap memory)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Copying an object might incur a performance hit (benchmark to check your assumptions, copying is often faster than
  allocating heap memory)
```

The performance argument is often so weak these days that more often than not it's false.
I think the only cases where it's relevant are cases where testing if it's relevant is time spent well.

Author: @sakjur I'm not a big expert on this, but pointers are often reached for in order to avoid copying, and I've heard many times from others that they tend to find that copying is fast, maybe even faster. OTOH, we have a linter that can complain if you copy certain structs (not sure how it infers).
